Sexual assault is never your fault and anyone saying so is lying to you. I’m sorry that happened to you.
People can be awful sometimes, and the internet's anonymity seems to bring the worst out of people. Don't feel bad just because of some backwards freaks that think they know more about what you've been through than yourself.
Sexual assault is never your fault, people like being bullies online because they believe them being anonymous gives them power. It makes them cowards of the highest order, to insult others who have been through hell to make themselves feel better about themselves.
Those people are completely wrong, it's not your fault, they are the ones to blame. Ignore those terrible people who make you feel so bad, I'm sorry for what happened to you and I hope you can keep pushing through.
Sexual assault is never the fault of the victim.
I know couple others have said it. But it's never your fault. It never was, and it will never be your fault. It's not your fault someone is a sick and twisted human being to do something foul to another like that.
I'm so sorry that happened to you. People can be so mean. I hope you're doing okay.
I know how you feel, I'll think in the moment that I'm taking steps to fix my problems or move forward, but it never really works. I feel like I carry several lifetimes' worth of regrets and mistakes, and the weight is crushing.
Give yourself a break, buddy; Life is hard, nobody asks for it but here we are. It isn’t your fault that you struggle. Try to be gentle with yourself as you learn to swim in this chaotic world.
I'm sorry that you feel that way. What I think a lot of people forget is how infinitely massive the universe is, and how we are just little specks of stardust that think they're important because they have a lot of money, or a lot of skills. The truth is that it doesn't matter what we do, because the only thing that should matter to you is your happiness, and if you put too much importance on what other people think about you, you might need to sit yourself down (maybe after meditating) and take some time to reevaluate your thoughts, or maybe seeing a professional who can accelerate that process.
You're not irrelevant. You may not be relevant to some people but in that case we're all irrelevant. You seem like a lovely person and you aren't alone we all feel like this sometimes. Dont be too hard on yourself. Only a few people in this world are exceptionally bright in everything and I'm sure there's something that you shine in. And hey if you can act smart you're already way smarter than me!
Every day I get to see my parents and other family members talk about how to see the warning signs of suicide, and to reach out to one another but when I tell them I’m needing help and I feel like I’m drowning they tell me to put one foot in front of the other and make sure I’m eating healthy. Thanks.
Humans have a difficult time admitting they were wrong. That’s what’s happening here. Your family touts themselves for doing for everyone else exactly what they completely failed to do for you.
That really sucks, I'm sorry this is happening to you.
We all want someone to share in the joys of our life. 
If you can, please tell your parents. Or at least friends or other family, tell them how you feel and what you’ve been going through. It usually feels better to talk and have someone listen! I hope things get better, just because of your looks doesn’t give any reason for bullying.
You don't deserve what's happening to you. You have to know that.
I don’t know anything about your situation, but if you’d like I would be happy to talk you.
So sorry to hear this, you shouldn’t have to live with this guilt for the rest of your life.
Please try and stay strong.
I feel really sorry for your loss and can't even imagine how you might feel.
Always remember, it’s ok if you fail. We all do. It only matters that you get back up again.
Make the decision to walk somewhere and back, read a book, watch a movie. It helps, I promise.
Set a goal, it's a lot of work, it's a long process but it will be worth it.
I believe in you to find some form of happiness, just take life one day at a time.
I'm rooting for you to feel better!! Hopefully things work out for you.
It’s so sad that good people have to deal with stuff like this. Life can be so unfair. I will pray for you and I wish you the best.
You are a strong person. Not many people have to deal with the level of pain you’re feeling. The world needs strong people like you.
Don't let your thoughts fool you.
I think we all need to realize how much we are worth whoever you are, whatever you do. I know it’s really hard but keep going because you are worth and there will be a good time sooner or later in your life.
You don't have to blame yourself.
I am so sorry that you had to go through this. I cannot imagine and I wish I could give you a hug.
I am so sorry for the awful things you've had to endure.
I’m so sorry for your pain. I can’t even imagine going through that day after day, not to mention how much it affects depression.
I know there are awful things in life but there are beautiful things as well- I am here if you need to talk 
Your loss is tragic, my condolences. 
There are no words to tell you how sorry I am. Grieving is appropriate. It’s hard to deal with losing someone. 
I am so sorry that you lost a loved one. 
Life can be really hard sometimes, you don’t always have control over certain situations, but you can try your best to control what you do and make the best of a situation. 
Sometimes it’s easier to take small steps. Not every problem has to be solved right away.You can’t fix everything all at once.
I’m sorry for your suffering. I hope things get better for you. Be patient and strong, in time you may be able to make change.
Having depression is insufferable, but you have a choice to give in to it or fight it.
I want to pay my respects to you. I’m sorry. It isn’t your fault. You have every right to grieve and cry as much as you want. It will take time to heal. It is normal. You are normal. Having experienced such pain. Feeling of intense loss. I want you to know you are not alone in this. Sending much love and support.
